Oh, I’m so sick of all this work!
I really dislike Professor Takashima.
There are other researchers he could delegate to.
I’ve been irritable lately.
I haven’t been able to see Takeshi-san, there have been no new extensions of counseling work, and I’ve been doing menial chores.
All these things are putting me on edge.
Nothing seems to be going well.
It’s no good if I become cranky.
I’m a counselor.
I’m sorry, Lain.
I have to think of my work outside of counseling as part of my work, too.
I have to do what I have to do and have it recognized.
Otherwise, I’ll fail.
Now that I think of it, Halloween will be coming soon.
Back in America, people preparing for Halloween made everyday feel like a festival.
Those were good days.
I guess there won’t be Halloween or Christmas either this year.